c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\bin\Release\seyana.exe.config
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\bin\Release\seyana.exe
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\bin\Release\seyana.pdb
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Release\ebifry.g.cs
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Release\SerifuWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Release\seyana_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Release\seyana_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Release\ebifry.baml
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Release\SerifuWindow.baml
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Release\seyana.g.resources
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Release\seyana.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Release\seyana.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Release\seyana.exe
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Release\seyana.pdb
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\bin\Release\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Release\seyana_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\ryo-okugawa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Release\ConfigWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\ryo-okugawa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Release\ConfigWindow.baml
C:\Users\ryo-okugawa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Release\Clock.g.cs
C:\Users\ryo-okugawa\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Release\Clock.baml
