c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\bin\Debug\seyana.exe.config
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\bin\Debug\seyana.exe
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\bin\Debug\seyana.pdb
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Debug\seyana.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Debug\seyana_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Debug\seyana_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Debug\seyana.g.resources
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Debug\seyana.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Debug\seyana.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Debug\seyana.exe
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Debug\seyana.pdb
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Debug\SerifuWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Debug\SerifuWindow.baml
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Debug\ebifry.g.cs
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Debug\ebifry.baml
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Debug\seyana_Content.g.cs
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Debug\ConfigWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ryo-okugawa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\seyana\seyana\obj\Debug\ConfigWindow.baml
